perfectly designed brilliantly simple
packed with benefits the self cooking
center white efficiency convinces with
impressive cooking performance
implemented with clever functions behind
it is our patented high-density control
this regulates the precise interaction
between power time heat and humidity
high-density control underlies the
outstanding food quality with up to 30%
greater use of capacity the self cooking
center white efficiency promises maximum
consistency rack after rack portion
after portion self cooking control is
cooking quality like you see in books
select your desired result for any
product then simply forget about it
until it is ready no more looking things
up no more checking no more adjusting
self cooking control uses sensors to
detect the size of the food and the load
size 60 measurements every minute ensure
that the cooking sequence is controlled
exactly to your settings you can devote
your undivided attention to meticulous
preparation creating new dishes and
arranging the plates beautifully time
for the essentials
with efficient level control you fill
each rack individually increase
utilization with clever mix loads and
thus save both time and energy every
rack is monitored individually and
efficient level control signals
automatically when each food is ready
efficient level control corrects the
cooking time for the amount of food and
I'll often and for how long the door
opens so everything is cooked to
perfection every time whether it is
steaks wedges fish grilled vegetables or
poems with efficient level control even
the most demanding cooking tasks are
child's play
quality you can taste
care control determines how much
cleaning and care is required from the
level of soiling that is better for the
environment and your budget hi Jeanne
CLE clean simply overnight the self
cooking center white efficiency unique
cooking performance combined with ease
of use and the lowest consumption
figures outstanding food quality for 110
million meals per day worldwide rational
at home in the world's professional
kitchens